README.md, before:

# pack.sh
## Usage
    sh pack.sh

## Requirements
### config.php
**Note:** See Dir Structure below for mandatory location.

Inside `config.php`, a variable denoting the add-on version (`ADD_ON_V`) needs to be defined like so:

    define('ADD_ON_V', '1.1.1');

#### Ex. (config.php)
    <?php

    if (! defined('ADD_ON_V')) {
      define('ADD_ON_NAME', 'Hash Browns');
      define('ADD_ON_V', '1.1.1');
    }

    $config['name']    = ADD_ON_NAME;
    $config['version'] = ADD_ON_V;

### Dir Structure
    project_name
      add-on_dir (what devs will drop in to the CMS's add-ons dir)
        config.php
      LICENSE
      pack.sh
      README.md

#### Ex. (Hash Browns Add-On for ExpressionEngine and Statamic)
##### Project Dir
    hash_browns
      hash_browns
        config.php
        pi.hash_browns.php
      Hash Browns.sublime-project
      Hash Browns.sublime-workspace
      hash-browns.ai
      hash-browns.jpg
      LICENSE
      pack.sh
      README.md

##### Output
    hash_browns_VERSION.zip
      project_name
        add-on_dir (what devs will drop in to the CMS's add-ons dir)
        LICENSE
        README.md

Commit message:

added instructions for using as a git submodule

README.md, after:

# pack.sh
## Usage
From project root:

    sh pack.sh
    
### If installed as a [Git Submodule](http://git-scm.com/book/en/Git-Tools-Submodules)
    sh pack_sh/pack.sh

## Requirements
### config.php
**Note:** See Dir Structure below for mandatory location.

Inside `config.php`, a variable denoting the add-on version (`ADD_ON_V`) needs to be defined like so:

    define('ADD_ON_V', '1.1.1');

#### Ex. (config.php)
    <?php

    if (! defined('ADD_ON_V')) {
      define('ADD_ON_NAME', 'Hash Browns');
      define('ADD_ON_V', '1.1.1');
    }

    $config['name']    = ADD_ON_NAME;
    $config['version'] = ADD_ON_V;

### Dir Structure
    project_name
      add-on_dir (what devs will drop in to the CMS's add-ons dir)
        config.php
      LICENSE
      pack.sh
      README.md

#### Ex. (Hash Browns Add-On for ExpressionEngine and Statamic)
##### Project Dir
    hash_browns
      hash_browns
        config.php
        pi.hash_browns.php
      Hash Browns.sublime-project
      Hash Browns.sublime-workspace
      hash-browns.ai
      hash-browns.jpg
      LICENSE
      pack.sh
      README.md

##### Output
    hash_browns_VERSION.zip
      project_name
        add-on_dir (what devs will drop in to the CMS's add-ons dir)
        LICENSE
        README.md
